#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
In order to clarify the expected functionality of the system, in this subsection
 we propose several possible scenarios.
 In each scenario we emphasize several specific interactions between the
 users and the system, but, in some of them, we do not describe the entire
 process carried out interacting with TS to avoid useless repetitions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Scenario 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Bob is an unregistered passenger of TS.
 He has decided to visit a friend that lives in another district.
 He accesses the TS using the PWA via browser installed on his PC, he specifies
 his current address because his PC can’t provide him with browser geolocalizati
on.
 After accepting terms and conditions related to the service he confirms
 the request.
 The TS system processes his request and sends a notification to Bob.
 Meanwhile the system sends the request to the first available taxi in the
 queue associated to the area where Bob is.
 The taxi driver, Tom, after having received the request on his smartphone
 via TMA, he confirms it.
 Tom visualizes the request information details and leaves from his location
 to get to the address specified by Bob.
 TS system calculates the waiting time and shows it to Bob.
 When Tom arrives to Bob's, he picks up him and brings him to his friend.
 Before leaving Bob pays Tom for the service and Tom informs the system
 that he is available again.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Scenario 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As soon as Alice left the theater it started raining, so she decided to
 try TS service for the first time.
 She uses her 3G connection to download the PMA and starts it.
 After that she accepts terms and conditions of TS, the system retrieves
 Alice’s current position by means of her GPS.
 She confirms the requests and the system contacts the first taxi available
 in her zone.
 Unfortunately it has run out of fuel so, Tim, the taxi driver is waiting
 his turn at the gas station and decides to refuse the request.
 The system puts the Tim’s taxi at the end of the queue and sends a request
 at the second taxi available.
 Tess, the new taxi driver, accepts the request, picks up Alice and brings
 her to home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Scenario 3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Robb needs to reach the university campus because he has to addend Software
 Engineering 2 morning class, so he reaches the bus stop but he notices
 a sign informing that an unexpected public transportation strike is going
 on.
 Unfortunately this happens quite often, that's why Robb is a registered
 passenger of TS.
 He logs in the PMA and requests a taxi.
 Due to the strike a large number of requests has been forwarded the system
 so no taxi is available at the moment in that zone of the city.
 Therefore the first taxi in the queue of an adjacent zone is contacted.
 The taxi driver, Taylor, accepts the request.
 The system shows the expected waiting time on Rob's smartphone.
 After 15 minutes Taylor picks up Robb who will get to university, in time
 for the class.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Scenario 4
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Arya booked a low cost flight to Marrakesh but the plane leaves early in
 the morning so she decided to register on TS website to reserve a taxi.
 She filled the registration form with the requested information and confirmed,
 accepting terms and conditions.
 The system sends her a confirmation e-mail.
 A few days before the departure she logs in her personal area on the PWA
 and reserves a taxi, specifying her address and the meeting time.
 The leaving day she hasn't heard the alarm clock and she hasn't woken up.
 When Takashi, the taxi driver, arrives at Arya’s place he doesn’t find
 anyone so he waits for 10 minutes and then informs the system.
 The system puts Takashi's taxi at the end of the available taxi queue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Scenario 5
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the city a huge sporting event has been organized for today so the city
 center is closed.
 Jon wants to reach his house after a stressful working day.
 Jon usually comes back home using public transportation but today it's
 a mess so he decides to take a taxi.
 He sends a request using his PMA but all the taxis in all the zones are
 busy due to the unexpected number of people coming to attend the event.
 The system informs Jon about the situation and provides Jon with the expected
 waiting time: one hour, too much for Jon.
 So he decides to ask one of his colleagues for a lift.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Scenario 6
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sansa always uses taxis to move in the city because she has never passed
 her driving license exam.
 Today she needs a taxi to reach the shopping center but unfortunately she
 doesn't have access to the Internet so she calls the taxi service phone
 number.
 A call center operator, Trudy, answers the phone and asks the location
 where the taxi should pick up her and the number of passengers.
 Sansa tells him her current address and says she would be the only passenger.
 Trudy uses a PWA to send a request to the TS system and announce to Sansa
 the expected waiting time when she receives the confirmation by TS.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
